1. Create a tribute page
Choose a historical figure who’s meaningful to you and create a webpage dedicated to them. The webpage should include:

A title or heading with the person’s name
An image of the person
A caption for the image
A timeline of the person’s life in the form of a list
This can be completed with only HTML, but use CSS to give it some style.

2. Create a Wikipedia page
Wikipedia is one of the backbones of the internet, and it has a relatively simple layout.
 Create a Wikipedia page on the topic of your choice. It should include:

A title or heading
A table of contents with links to sections within the page
Superscript number links that link to the corresponding number in the reference section
An ordered list of references

3. Create an HTML and CSS-only search results page
Create a mock Google search results page. It should include:

The Google logo
A search bar at the top
A list of search results with clickable links
Here’s an example of what it might look like.

4. Create a survey form
HTML forms are an important part of many websites. Create a form for a survey on the topic of your choice.
Include a variety of answer options, including text fields, dropdowns, radio buttons, checkboxes, and a submit button. 
Don’t forget to add a title, and consider using CSS to improve the look of your form. Here’s an example.

5. Create a parallax website
A parallax website has a fixed image in the background that stays in place while you scroll through other parts of the page.
It’s a popular effect in web design and gives an elegant look and feel to a page.
Design a parallax webpage. Divide the page into three or four sections. Set three or four background images and align text to each section.
You’ll use margins, padding, and background positioning to create the effect.

6. Create a product landing page
Many websites are designed to showcase and sell products. A product landing page needs to be attractive, informative, and easy to read
to appeal to consumers. Your product landing page should include:

A picture of the product
A header and footer
Columns
Multiple sections
Consider the color scheme and ensure that elements don’t overlap each other.

7. Create a restaurant website
A restaurant website is similar to a product landing page in that it should showcase the restaurant and menu items appealingly.
It’s more complex, though, with images of different foods and drinks. First, create a responsive restaurant website using a viewport and media queries.

8. Create a chessboard
This challenge teaches you how to create and format a table. You’ll also need to learn how to insert UNICODE characters.
Create a chessboard. The board should be alternating colors and an eight-by-eight grid. Here are the UNICODE characters you’ll need for the pieces.

White King: ♔
White Queen: ♕
White Rook: ♖
White Bishop: ♗
White Knight: ♘
White Pawn: ♙
Black King: ♚
Black Queen: ♛
Black Rook: ♜
Black Bishop: ♝
Back Knight: ♞
Black Pawn: ♟

9. Create an event or conference website
This challenge continues the theme of building attractive web pages. This one will include a registration button that links to a registration form.
You’ll also need details and images of the speaker or performer and venue. Describe the event and include multiple sections along with a header and footer.
Consider the color scheme and use fonts that are readable and reflect the theme of the event.

10. Create a portfolio website
Take what you’ve learned throughout the other challenges and create a portfolio website. The website should reflect your skills.
Include a page with your resume, work samples, a photo, and a top menu with links to an about page, contact page, and any other pages you’d like to include.
In the footer, include your contact information and links to your relevant social media accounts.

11 - Create a technical documentation website

12 - Create a discussion forum website

13 - Create a sign-up page / Log-in page

14 - Create a tech newsletter

15 - Create a responsive website for public books
